WIP: Divide github actions into multiple steps (#26)
agrc/skid: README.md

### Setup GitHub CI Pipeline

Skids use a series of GitHub actions to test, release, and deploy the skid, including deploying to both dev and prod GCP environments.

The GCP deployment itself is found within the `deploy` composite action (`.github/actions/deploy/action.yml`). You will set the various GCP parameters (schedule, name, etc) in either the global variables in the `Set globals` step or directly in the main `Deploy Cloud Function` step.

> The cloud functions may need 512 MB or 1 GB of RAM to run successfully. The source dir should point to `src/skidname`. A cloud function just runs the specified function in the `main.py` file in the source dir; it doesn't pip install the function itself. It will pip install any dependencies listed in `src/skidname/requirements.txt`, however.

Reviewer: **question**: the skid dependencies, palletjack, supervisor, etc, don't require that memory right? I would guess that the amount of memory is directly related to the amount of rows and attributes in the data frames x 2 or 3 depending on how many are used in the pipeline. Is this close to accurate?

```suggestion
The cloud function will need the RAM size monitored to find the right size for the skid to run successfully. The `source_dir` should point to `src/skidname`. A cloud function runs the specified function in the `main.py` file based on the path in the `source_dir`; it doesn't pip install the function itself. It will pip install any dependencies listed in `src/skidname/requirements.txt`, however.
```

Author: You're correct, it depends on the memory used by the dataframes, which will vary based on the geometry type and dataframe size. I like your changes, but I also want to keep the 512/1GB in there as a starting point for future me when I forget what I've done before. I'll blend your suggestion in.

Reviewer: Ok. If you want to keep those numbers in there can you provide some context to the data frame size that may help owners choose a starting value?

My suggestion to find the right size would be to run with a gig, look at the resource usage, and adjust until it's the right size. 

Since these values determine the cost of the skid, it'd be nice to steer users to finding the right size.

Reviewer: That's pretty much sums up my reasoning to replace the suggestions.

The standard workflow, it goeth thusly:

- Any pushes to the `dev` branch will deploy the skid to the dev GCP environment so that you can test your work in a real-world environment.
- Opening a pull request on any branch triggers the tests to run.

> - Pushes to main (usually from merging a PR into main, but also direct pushes) will open a release PR to create a GitHub release with associated git tag and version bump.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pushes to main (usually from merging a PR into main, but also direct pushes) will open a release PR to create a GitHub release with an associated git tag and version bump if the commits pushed contain conventional commit types that trigger a release.
```

- Once the GitHub release is created by merging the release PR, the actions will deploy the skid to the prod GCP environment.

> The actions rely on several GitHub secrets to do all this:

Reviewer: **thought**: it might be worth mentioning that the github terraform module can set 3 of the 4 of these things.

FYI 

- the identity provider handles the identity federation between github and gcp.
- the service account defines the gcp permissions allowed by the github action.
- and the project id tells gcp where the work should be done
- I'm unclear about the storage. Logs or something?

- Identity provider
- GCP service account email
- Project ID
- Storage Bucket ID

### Multiple Triggers with Different Schedules

> You can parameterize your function to do different things depending on the schedule that calls it. The `message-body` parameter of the schedule is available to the `subscribe` function in `main.py`. Therefore, you can create multiple schedules with different `message-body` values and then switch on those values. One example is to have a main script that updates on a regular basis, and then a utility script that gets run just a couple times a year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can parameterize your function to do perform different actions depending on the schedule that calls it. The `message-body` parameter of the PubSub topic schedule is available to the `subscribe` function in `main.py`. Therefore, you can create multiple schedules with different `message-body` values and switch the skid functionality based on the values. One example is to have a main routine that executes on a regular basis, and a utility routine that runs a couple times a year.
```
